section,text
Union & Association Opening,"Jim and Pam, do you remember getting this little postcard with the letter attached from your Union, right? Great, you're going to continue to get this letter and postcard every 2 years for as long as you are a member in your Union or retired from it."
Union & Association Opening,"So what you’re going to get out of today is simple,"
Union & Association Opening," First, is the Death Benefit at no cost, thanking you for being a member in good standing."
Union & Association Opening," Next, we activate the Medical Discount Card, which saves you money on eyeglasses, hearing, prescriptions, and dental."
Union & Association Opening," Then, we will organize all of your benefits with our Family Information Guide."
Union & Association Opening," Finally, like the letter talked about, there is an additional package of supplemental benefits that your Union made available. They designed this program to fill in the gaps where work programs leave off."
Union & Association Opening,"Now, as we walk you through the program today and say to yourself “Wow that makes sense.” Then great, we will go ahead and set that up for you today."
Union & Association Opening,"If not, no big deal. Understand this is not some pitch to give you something you don’t need."
Union & Association Opening,"It’s just all of the members love the program because it is so much more affordable than what you could get from a non-union company, and that is why everyone takes advantage."
Union & Association Opening,"If by chance this doesn’t fit your needs, we ask that you don’t take advantage. It’s that quick and simple."
Union & Association Opening,"The only thing that the unions do ask is whether it’s a simple yes or no, definitely make that decision today."
Union & Association Opening,"That’s just out of fairness to all the families still waiting to see this program for the first time."
Union & Association Opening,"The best part is it’s a simple program, and not a lot to think about."
Union & Association Opening,"So, you will know immediately if this can help your family or not. Does that sound fair?"
Union & Association Opening,"Now the next thing we’re going to do is walk you through some information about our company and why your union chose us over every other option out there. Check it out."

Will Kit Opening,"Jim and Pam, do you remember going online and applying for the Will and Testament kit? Great, the Will Kit program has been protecting union families since 1951."
Will Kit Opening,"You may be familiar with some of the groups we currently work with like UPS, Police officers, Nurses, and the teachers Unions."
Will Kit Opening,"When you get approved for the will kit program it comes along with a 3 part system."
Will Kit Opening," First, you will receive the Family Information Guide, which organizes information your family will need before your funeral."
Will Kit Opening," The next benefit we will walk you through is the no cost will kit; this is the information needed to settle your estate after your funeral."
Will Kit Opening," Lastly, if you qualify, we will go through the Union program that our members have been using to cover their funerals for the last 70 years."
Will Kit Opening,"Now, as we walk you through the program today and say to yourself “Wow that makes sense.” Then great, we will go ahead and set that up for you today."
Will Kit Opening,"If not, no big deal. Understand this is not some pitch to give you something you don’t need."
Will Kit Opening,"It’s just all of the members love the program because it is so much more affordable than what you could get from a non-union company."
Will Kit Opening,"That is why everyone takes advantage of it."
Will Kit Opening,"If by chance this doesn’t fit your needs, we ask that you don’t take advantage. It’s that quick and simple."
Will Kit Opening,"The only thing that they do ask is whether it’s a simple yes or no, definitely make that decision today."
Will Kit Opening,"That’s just out of fairness to all the families still waiting to see this program for the first time."
Will Kit Opening,"The best part is it’s a simple program, and not a lot to think about."
Will Kit Opening,"You will know immediately if this can help your family or not. Does that sound fair?"
Will Kit Opening,"Now the next thing we’re going to do is walk you through some information about our company and why these large groups choose us over every other option out there."
Will Kit Opening,"Check it out."


Globe Life/ Final Expense Opening,"Jim and Pam, do you remember going online and applying for the Globe Life/ Final Expense Program? Great, the Globe Life/ Final Expense Program has been protecting union families since 1951."
Globe Life/ Final Expense Opening,"You may be familiar with some of the groups we currently work with like UPS, Police officers, Nurses, and the teachers Unions."
Globe Life/ Final Expense Opening,"When you get approved for the Globe Life/ Final Expense Program it comes along with a 3 part system."
Globe Life/ Final Expense Opening," First, Jim and Pam you will receive the Family Information Guide, which is information your family will use before the funeral."
Globe Life/ Final Expense Opening," The next benefit we will walk you through is the no cost will kit; this is the information needed to settle your estate after your funeral."
Globe Life/ Final Expense Opening," Lastly, if you qualify, we will go through the program Union families have been using to cover their funerals for the last 70 years."
Globe Life/ Final Expense Opening,"Now, as we walk you through the program today and you say to yourself “Wow that makes sense.” Then great, we will go ahead and set that up for you today."
Globe Life/ Final Expense Opening,"If not, no big deal. Understand this is not some pitch to give you something you don’t need."
Globe Life/ Final Expense Opening,"It’s just all of the members love the program because it is so much more affordable than what you could get from a non-union company."
Globe Life/ Final Expense Opening,"That is why everyone takes advantage."
Globe Life/ Final Expense Opening,"If by chance this doesn’t fit your needs, we ask that you don’t take advantage. It’s that quick and simple."
Globe Life/ Final Expense Opening,"The only thing that the unions do ask is whether it’s a simple yes or no, definitely make that decision today."
Globe Life/ Final Expense Opening,"That’s just out of fairness to all the families still waiting to see this program for the first time."
Globe Life/ Final Expense Opening,"The best part is it’s a simple program, and not a lot to think about."
Globe Life/ Final Expense Opening,"You will know immediately if this can help your family or not. Does that sound fair?"
Globe Life/ Final Expense Opening,"Now the next thing we’re going to do is walk you through some information about our company and why the unions choose us over every other option out there."
Globe Life/ Final Expense Opening,"Check it out."


Child Safe Kit Opening,"Jim and Pam do you remember going online and applying for the Child Safety ID App? Great, the Child Safe program has been protecting Union families since 1951."
Child Safe Kit Opening,"You may be familiar with some of the groups we currently work with like UPS, Police officers, Nurses, and the teachers Unions."
Child Safe Kit Opening,"When you get approved for the Child Safe program it comes along with a 3-part system."
Child Safe Kit Opening,"● The first part is designed to protect the parents if something were to happen to your children."
Child Safe Kit Opening,"● The second part is designed to protect the children when something happens to their parents."
Child Safe Kit Opening,"● Lastly if you qualify we will walk you through the program designed to protect your entire family. This is the same program that has been protecting union families for 70 years."
Child Safe Kit Opening,"Now, as we walk you through the program today and say to yourself “Wow that makes sense.” Then great, we will go ahead and set that up for you today."
Child Safe Kit Opening,"If not, no big deal. Understand this is not some pitch to give you something you don’t need."
Child Safe Kit Opening,"It’s just all of the members love the program because it is so much more affordable than what you could get from a non-union company."
Child Safe Kit Opening,"That is why everyone takes advantage."
Child Safe Kit Opening,"If by chance this doesn’t fit your needs, we ask that you don’t take advantage. It’s that quick and simple."
Child Safe Kit Opening,"The only thing that the unions do ask is whether it’s a simple yes or no, definitely make that decision today."
Child Safe Kit Opening,"That’s just out of fairness to all the families still waiting to see this program for the first time."
Child Safe Kit Opening,"The best part is it’s a simple program, and not a lot to think about."
Child Safe Kit Opening,"You will know immediately if this can help your family or not. Does that sound fair?"
Child Safe Kit Opening,"Now the next thing we’re going to do is walk you through some information about our company and why the unions choose us over every other option out there."
Child Safe Kit Opening,"Check it out."


POS Opening,"Alright, (member’s name) it looks like you have been with us since (enrollment date), when was the last time someone like me was on here to service your family?"
POS Opening,"Great, we try to get out every 12 to 18 months to remind you how responsible you are."
POS Opening,"Today, our job is simply to do 3 things."
POS Opening,"1. First we are going to provide you with some no cost benefits which is our way of thanking you for being a loyal member in good standing."
POS Opening,"2. Next we will be reviewing your starter/forever program and help get you paid on any claims you may have forgotten about."
POS Opening,"3. Last thing we do is update that starter program so your needs today are met just like they were when you first enrolled."
POS Opening,"(Walk through their no cost benefits NO VIDEO)"
POS Opening,"First thing we will do is refresh you on why you made such a great decision on picking our company over every other option out there!"
After Sale Referral Opening,"Jim, what did (referral) tell you about the program they sponsored you for?"
After Sale Referral Opening,"Well, let me start from the beginning. I’m not sure how familiar you are with unions, but they are very protective of their members, and provide them with outstanding benefits."
After Sale Referral Opening,"Anytime a member like (referral) takes advantage of their program, they’re able to extend an invitation to a few people they love and care about, and that’s exactly why they thought of you."
After Sale Referral Opening,"So today my job is simple. We will provide you with some no cost benefit’s, through the invitation. Then if you qualify, we can see up the Care plan your (relationship) loved so much!"
After Sale Referral Opening,"Now, as we walk you through the program today and you say to yourself “Wow that makes sense.” Then great, we will go ahead and set that up for you today."
After Sale Referral Opening,"If not, no big deal. Understand this is not some pitch to give you something you don’t need."
After Sale Referral Opening,"It’s just all of the union members love their program because it is so much more affordable than what they could get from a non-union company."
After Sale Referral Opening,"That is why everyone takes advantage."
After Sale Referral Opening,"If by chance this doesn’t fit your needs, we ask that you don’t take advantage. It’s that quick and simple."
After Sale Referral Opening,"The only thing that the unions do ask of the non union members is whether it’s a simple yes or no, definitely make that decision today as this is your once in a lifetime opportunity to take advantage of union benefits."
After Sale Referral Opening,"The best part is it’s a simple program, and not a lot to think about."
After Sale Referral Opening,"You will know immediately if this can help your family or not. Does that sound fair?"
After Sale Referral Opening,"Now the next thing we’re going to do is walk you through some information about our company and why the unions choose us over every other option out there."
After Sale Referral Opening,"Check it out."

Accidental Death & Dismemberment,"*SHARE AD&D CERTIFICATE*"
Accidental Death & Dismemberment,"The first part of your program is your NO Cost Accidental Death Benefit, this is your Union's way of thanking you for being a member in good standing!"
Accidental Death & Dismemberment,"This covers you for $____."
Accidental Death & Dismemberment,"● If you’re killed in any accident on or off the job."
Accidental Death & Dismemberment,"● Or if you lose any 2 limbs."
Accidental Death & Dismemberment,"You qualify for half the amount for dismemberment if you lose:"
Accidental Death & Dismemberment,"● One hand, one foot, or sight in one eye."
Accidental Death & Dismemberment,"We know this won’t make anyone rich. However, we’ve never had a family turn this down."
Accidental Death & Dismemberment,"(This is where we confirm information and get “Yes” responses)"
Accidental Death & Dismemberment,"● (To the Beneficiary) Is your full name spelled correctly? YES"
Accidental Death & Dismemberment,"● (To the insured) Is your birth date correct? (As you point to it) YES"
Accidental Death & Dismemberment,"● We’re going to send you this certificate as soon as we finish today. Make sure to put this in a safe place so your family knows where to access it on that day."
Accidental Death & Dismemberment,"Now the next thing the union has us do is establish three local & trusted emergency contacts."
Accidental Death & Dismemberment,"They suggest the first one being a trusted friend at work in case something happened there."
Accidental Death & Dismemberment,"We don’t want a union secretary calling your family on that day, we want someone they know and trust."
Accidental Death & Dismemberment,"Let's start with your best friend at work, who's that person that would have your back? (Look down at your keyboard and type info into Eapp)."
Accidental Death & Dismemberment,"Next, think about who would be the first people at your table helping your family, consoling loved ones and making the arrangements."
Accidental Death & Dismemberment,"Who is that first person that comes to mind?"
Accidental Death & Dismemberment,"Who would that final person be?"
Accidental Death & Dismemberment,"So pull out your cell phone so you can save the office phone number, so you know who to call in case of an emergency."
Accidental Death & Dismemberment,"These will be people that are local, reliable and outside of the household and over the age of 18."
Accidental Death & Dismemberment,"Jim and Pam, put Moore Organizations in your phone, and the phone number is (508) 658-9635."
Accidental Death & Dismemberment,"● Look down and be assumptive."
Accidental Death & Dismemberment,"● Fill out the card completely – the better you fill this out, the stronger the referral."
Child Safety App,"The next part of your program is one of the most important benefits you'll receive today."
Child Safety App,"It's the child safety App."
Child Safety App,"Jim & Pam let me ask you a question, what is your biggest fear as a parent (uncle/aunt, brother/sister, grandparent)?"
Child Safety App,"Exactly something happening to your little ones."
Child Safety App,"All the families we sit down with say they have a story where they were at a park, the mall, grocery store and turned around and the child wasn't exactly where they thought they were."
Child Safety App,"Has something like that ever happened to you before?"
Child Safety App,"If no: Can you imagine how that would make you feel?"
Child Safety App,"If yes: What happened? How long were they gone for? How did that make you feel?"
Child Safety App,"Now the scariest part is Ray, every minute a child is missing they can be going a mile further away... you can see why it's so important to find the child right away, correct?!"
Child Safety App,"That's exactly why the Police Association created these kits!!"
Child Safety App,"(Explain the kit)"
Child Safety App,"You can obviously see how important this app is, right?"
Child Safety App,"Do you see why every family with children is so grateful to have this in place?"
Child Safety App,"That's why Jim & Pam, the International Union of Police are trying to get this app in the hands of 100% of the community."
Child Safety App,"Due to their limited time and resources that is impossible and that's why they are asking you for your help!"
Child Safety App,"What they want you to do is extend this out to the families you love the most."
Child Safety App,"So if your phone rang right now from a loved one saying that their little one is missing, who is that person you would drop everything for to go help?"
Child Safety App,"Let's start with them first!"
Child Safety App,"(after each ref compliments on who they gave and says “Who is next”?)"

section,text
AILPlus App,"The next part of YOUR program is the AILPLUS APP."
AILPlus App,"I’m sure you would agree, like most of the families we help, that there is an area of opportunity to save you money on out-of-pocket medical costs, right?"
AILPlus App,"That's why they came up with the AILPLUS APP."
AILPlus App,"This is designed to put money back in your pocket, not take any out. This includes all family members down to the fur babies."
AILPlus App,"So out of all the areas this covers where could you use some help?"
AILPlus App,"(Listen to what they answer to learn what is NOT covered at their job to talk about later for referral gathering for coworkers.)"
AILPlus App,"It's an awesome program. You will receive an email in the next 72 hours with your group and member ID. If you have any questions on the app, you can call 1-800-495-1213."
AILPlus App,"Can you see why this was rated one of the nation's top discount apps, right?"
AILPlus App,"Now fortunately for you, you have the backing of the union to be able to get access to the best benefits out there but most families don't."
AILPlus App,"For the first time ever, you are allowed to pay it forward to the people who need the help the most."
AILPlus App,"Now you might not know the head of a major company but we all have a contractor (handyman), landscaper, hairdresser, barber that need the help but just don't have access to this savings program until now."
AILPlus App,"They give you the privilege to pay this forward to only three self-employed people in your life, so be selective."
AILPlus App,"Let's start with the self-employed person with the most dangerous job first, who is that? (contractor, construction worker, plumber)"
Family Information Guide,"Make sure to remember the numbers you are given to use in the Survey portion."
Family Information Guide,"Jim and Pam, the next document I have for you is something called the Family Information Guide. This is a roadmap to all of your important paperwork, something you will fill out on your own but I will walk you through it today."
Family Information Guide,"Member: Jim, all of your vital statistics go up here."
Family Information Guide,"Spouse: Pam, all of your information goes right in here. And then vice versa on yours, Pam."
Family Information Guide,"Veteran Information: Are either of you veterans? (If yes, thank them for their service.)"
Family Information Guide,"Make sure you attach a copy of your DD-214 and discharge papers to get your flag ceremony upon your passing."
Family Information Guide,"Persons to be notified: When you pass away everyone locally will find out, but this is where you write down friends or loved ones that are not local so your family can contact them and have their information to do so."
Family Information Guide,"Last Will and Testament: this helps you get started on a will. Do you both have a will yet?"
Family Information Guide,"NO: Okay, no problem. Most families don’t. If you qualify and this makes sense, don’t worry, when you celebrate your year anniversary we have a no-cost will for you that will save you having to pay $1,000 to a lawyer."
Family Information Guide,"Estate and Insurance Information:"
Family Information Guide,"Now this next section is regarding your estate information. Millions and millions of dollars is now going unclaimed every year in this country regarding life insurance, do you know how this happens?"
Family Information Guide,"Not everyone has the connections like you do to have a tool like this in place."
Family Information Guide,"Now the first type is whole life, it’s like buying a house. When you buy a house what does it build when you pay the mortgage each month?"
Family Information Guide,"(Equity) Yes exactly, just like a whole life policy, it also builds equity and it will always be there for you!"
Family Information Guide,"Now as you're paying into it, it’s creating cash and loan value that you can use if you ever need to. The great part is the price never changes, it locks in!"
Family Information Guide,"The next is term life, have you heard of it? Now term life means it covers you for a term of your life, it's temporary."
Family Information Guide,"The great thing about term is the premium is lower and the coverage is higher. The reason companies can afford to do that being, is because less than 1% of term policies will pay out to a family, 99% of people just outlive their term."
Family Information Guide,"It's great for mortgages, debts, and income protection. Now once that term ends you either have to pay more for it or you lose that coverage."
Family Information Guide,"That's a good thing though because it served its purpose. Does that make sense?"
Family Information Guide,"The third one is group coverage, this is what you get through work, that comes from your paycheck."
Family Information Guide,"Now this doesn’t follow you from job to job, or into retirement when you need it most."
Family Information Guide,"We advise you to take advantage of it because it’s so cheap, you’d be crazy not to."
Family Information Guide,"But obviously, Jim, you don’t plan on working until you’re dead, right?"
Family Information Guide,"Exactly. That’s why we don’t plan on relying on your group coverage through work. Does that make sense?"
Family Information Guide,"Then the fourth type they recommend is funeral coverage. Do you know why it's so important to have funeral coverage?"
Family Information Guide,"We do not owe our family a silver spoon when we pass but we definitely don't owe them a bill either."
Family Information Guide,"This gives us the ability to leave the world with dignity and not debt!"
Family Information Guide,"Does that make sense why it's so important to have funeral coverage?"
Family Information Guide,"Now that you have a good understanding of the four types (Hold up Four Fingers), what have you had the opportunity to take advantage of?"
Family Information Guide,"(DO: Get the current coverages that they have in place.)"
Family Information Guide,"(No matter their answer, compliment them and spend that policy with them e.g., let me guess you got that to cover the mortgage, and debt left behind, etc.)"
Family Information Guide,"You should be proud of yourself for being so responsible for looking out for your family."
Family Information Guide,"Now all you need is something permanent to cover your funeral and you will never have to think about getting something to protect your family again."
Family Information Guide,"Okay. You did a great job. Make sure you fill that out. Like I said, most families don’t even know that their families have that benefit and then they never claim on it."
Family Information Guide,"(If not) No big deal, that’s exactly why we’re here today."
Family Information Guide,"(If yes) No matter their answer, compliment them and spend that policy with them e.g., let me guess you got that to cover the mortgage, and debt left behind, etc."
Family Information Guide,"That’s amazing. I'm very proud of you now, all you need is something permanent to cover your funeral and you will never have to think about getting something to protect your family again."
Family Information Guide,"Financial Institution information: This is where you want to list your bank account information."
Family Information Guide,"Now do you prefer to use a traditional bank or a credit union?"
Family Information Guide,"Make sure you put your beneficiaries down so you’re always prepared for anything."
Family Information Guide,"The last section is your Funeral Service Requests: The reason this is important is you never want to leave the burden of your family having to guess on what arrangements you would have wanted."
Family Information Guide,"Have you ever discussed with your family whether you would like to go the traditional or the cremation route?"
Family Information Guide,"For example Pam, if Jim were to pass tomorrow how would you handle his final arrangements?"
Family Information Guide,"That’s why it is important to discuss this and write it down so you never have to worry about it again."
Family Information Guide,"Here you are finding out exactly how they want their arrangements handled so you can paint a vivid picture with the FOC."
Will Kit Ref Gathering,"Now (client) you see the importance of having a Will set up, being able to decide where your assets go and not the State, Right?"
Will Kit Ref Gathering,"And you’d agree that everyone needs a Will, Right?"
Will Kit Ref Gathering,"And (client) you’ve probably been thinking about getting a Will set up for quite some time now but kept putting it off."
Will Kit Ref Gathering,"Well, because you were approved through the help of the State Unions, you’re getting access to this at no cost."
Will Kit Ref Gathering,"And since you’re getting your Will set up with the Unions they allow you to extend an invitation to a few loved ones who you want to make sure have their Will set up."
Will Kit Ref Gathering,"And obviously it feels good to be able to help loved ones avoid expensive legal fees, right?"
Will Kit Ref Gathering,"Now, you probably want to start with your family first, and I know you mentioned you did this for ____ let’s obviously make


Catch-Up Program,"The next thing your union has us do is our union catch-up program."
Catch-Up Program,"A lot of members mail in their postcard to get their benefits just like you did today."
Catch-Up Program,"But sometimes, the cards get overlooked or the members are working too hard to make it to the meetings where they break down the benefits, so they simply don’t know what’s available to their family."
Catch-Up Program,"So that’s why they have us do our catch-up program, to make sure all the members in your Local are taken care of."
Catch-Up Program,"Now one of three things is going to happen:"
Catch-Up Program,"First, they have filled out the postcard and received their benefits like you have today. So I will be an extra point of contact in case they need anything."
Catch-Up Program,"Second, the people that already filled out their postcard and are stuck waiting amongst thousands of other members. With your help today, we will make them a priority."
Catch-Up Program,"Third, they overlook the postcard, miss the meetings, and have no idea what was negotiated for them. So with your help, we will make sure they don't slip through the cracks."
Catch-Up Program,"All we do is list out their names, city, and phone numbers, run them through the system, and I will personally make them and their family a priority over all the other unions we work with."
Catch-Up Program,"The best part is, they have us keep it anonymous out of respect to you and your union."
Catch-Up Program,"Now, Jim, I know you have a lot of close brothers and sisters you work with, but obviously we’re starting with your emergency contact (Name) …"
Survey [Needs Analysis],"Now that you've seen what the (insert group's name) has set up for you, they want me to do a personalized needs analysis to make sure that I tailor-fit the program perfectly for your family."
Survey [Needs Analysis],"So first I need to type in your names and birth dates."
Survey [Needs Analysis],"Now the next part is critical; there are 3 criteria that we have to meet in order to service your family:"
Survey [Needs Analysis],"1. The first criteria is you have to be a member of the Union or invited in. You meet that or I wouldn’t be with you today."
Survey [Needs Analysis],"2. The second criteria is that you need to take advantage of these benefits during your open enrollment period. This is today as we are going over everything."
Survey [Needs Analysis],"3. The third is you have to medically qualify. Every family we sit down with wants and needs these benefits, but unfortunately, some families wait too long and develop some medical issues and they can't qualify for these benefits when they need them the most."
Survey [Needs Analysis],"So let me ask you a few medical questions to make sure you can qualify."
Survey [Needs Analysis],"So the program is designed to fit your family perfectly today."
Survey [Needs Analysis],"We do this by basing it off of 1 hour of your work week so no matter what, it will be completely comfortable financially for your family."
Survey [Needs Analysis],"So Jim, what is your hourly wage not counting overtime or bonuses? Pam, what is your hourly wage as well?"
Survey [Needs Analysis],"Perfect, now what we are going to do is go through the mandatory read-off letter then walk you through exactly what you qualified for."

section,text
Read-off Letter,"- Do NOT Memorize. This is here for example purposes only -"
Read-off Letter,"Okay, Jim and Pam, the next thing they want me to do is read a mandatory read-off letter to you, signed by your union president explaining the benefits further and how I can help you today."
Read-off Letter,"It says: 'Dear member, the insurance program being offered to you today is made available on a voluntary basis through the cooperation of your UFCW union and American Income Life Insurance company, a 100 percent union label company with a long-standing history of serving unions and their members.'"
Read-off Letter,"We’re 100 percent union, just like you are, and we’ve been doing this for over 60 years."
Read-off Letter,"'AILICO’s supplemental benefits are not in competition with any group benefits through your workplace or employer and can complement any insurance policies you already have. If you choose to take advantage of the insurance programs offered through AILICO, your benefit program is permanent and portable throughout your lifetime.'"
Read-off Letter,"That’s really important. Whether you’re in Massachusetts or out of Massachusetts, these benefits stay with you. Whether you are in the union or out of the union, these benefits stay with you. We are not here to replace anything, just fill in the gaps of what you currently have."
Read-off Letter,"'AILICO’s supplemental benefits include automatic built-in features to help members during a hard time, such as a strike or layoff period. If you qualify, your coverage lasts a lifetime and is under your independent control. Once the program has been explained to you, we’re sure you’ll agree with the many participating members, it’s one of the most valuable programs you’ve ever seen.'"
Read-off Letter,"What that’s saying is you must qualify for this program. There are three criteria that you have to meet, which I’ll go over here in a minute. There are several benefits available."
Read-off Letter,"'Please take a few minutes to listen to the AILICO representative who is visiting you. If they can help with your needs in this area, please take advantage today. If not, we would like your feedback. So please take a minute to complete the officer union report form. This information helps serve you more effectively. Your Union President, Frank Deriso.'"
Read-off Letter,"So I’m going to use all the information you gave me earlier to build your program. If you like it, fantastic, you can enroll today. If not, I’ll fill out an officer report form that will just tell us how we can make these programs better. Does that sound fair? Perfect."
Hour of Power Principle,"Now Jim and Pam, the program you qualified for is the 'family care plan.' When you choose to enroll, your weekly contribution is going to be $30."
Hour of Power Principle,"Now why on earth would anything be $30 per week? Well we base that off of the hour of power principle. It’s as simple as taking up to 1 hour and using it to pay yourself first, then take the other 39 hours plus overtime and do what you want with that, knowing your family is protected and gaps in your coverage are filled."
Hour of Power Principle,"For example, if your boss called you into the office on Monday and said, 'Jim you are the hardest working person here, I’m going to put you on a permanent 41-hour work week.' Would you go out and buy yourself a new home or car with that additional hour? Of course not."
Hour of Power Principle,"Now if it was reversed and everyone at work was put on a 39-hour work week would you have to sell everything you own to make ends meet? Of course not."
Hour of Power Principle,"So it’s safe to say that one hour on either side of your income would not change much around here but how much better would you sleep at night knowing that gaps in your current coverage are now filled and your family is protected?"


Freedom of Choice (FOC),"The first thing they have for you is the freedom of choice. Let me ask the two of you a question, have either of you ever been on the financial side of arranging a funeral before?"
Freedom of Choice (FOC),"[If yes] If you don’t mind discussing it, how did it go for your family?"
Freedom of Choice (FOC),"[If NO] You are very fortunate but have you heard any horror stories of how funerals are going these days. (Give examples- go fund me, draining savings account, taking a loan out and paying interest on the loss of a loved one)"
Freedom of Choice (FOC),"The average funeral today like we discussed earlier is right around 15,000. The way that it used to work is Pam, if something happened to Jim tomorrow you would take any life insurance policies you have down to the local funeral home and they would take that policy as collateral until the insurance check arrived."
Freedom of Choice (FOC),"Nowadays families don’t realize that life insurance isn’t handling the cost of funerals the way it used to. It doesn’t work that way anymore."
Freedom of Choice (FOC),"Insurance companies used to have to pay on a policy within 24 days. They now have from 60 days up to a full year that they can hang on to your policy. Why do you think that they do that? (PAUSE)"
Freedom of Choice (FOC),"Exactly, interest. They make millions and millions of dollars in interest while hard-working families are burdened with out-of-pocket costs when it comes to funeral time."
Freedom of Choice (FOC),"That’s why they’ve come up with this. This is designed to be the shield Jim leaves behind to protect you even when he is no longer here to protect you!"
Freedom of Choice (FOC),"This is called the Freedom of Choice Funeral Certificate. The way this works, Pam, when something happens to Jim, it doesn’t matter how, when, where, or why, it could be tomorrow, God forbid. It could be 50 years from now. It could be cancer, disease, or anything in between. It doesn’t matter."
Freedom of Choice (FOC),"Pam, you take this into any funeral home in the United States, they’ll accept it. In fact, they love it because it’s backed by big powerful unions like yours. They know they’re going to get paid."
Freedom of Choice (FOC),"So if you want to do traditional, like you said earlier, flowers, casket, funeral, ground opening, ground closing, gravesite, obituary, and let’s say it costs that $15,000, Pam."
Freedom of Choice (FOC),"You’re going to turn this over. You’re going to write $15,000 right there, fill in the arrangements, and sign as the beneficiary. Everything is completely taken care of. There’s not one out-of-pocket cost whatsoever as long as you keep Jim’s funeral under $30,000 and, Jim, you keep Pam’s funeral under $30,000."
Freedom of Choice (FOC),"Those are two very important numbers. The funeral director, when you walk out of the funeral home, is going to call this number right here at our corporate office and they’re going to ask us two questions."
Freedom of Choice (FOC),"One, were you enrolled in your union benefits? And after today you will be, right? (Assumptively shake your head and say yes)."
Freedom of Choice (FOC),"The second thing they’re going to ask us is how much money do you have to work with? If we told them you have $30,000 to work with, what do you think that funeral would magically cost? Right $30,000."
Freedom of Choice (FOC),"It shouldn’t work that way. We don’t allow it to work that way."
Freedom of Choice (FOC),"What we do is we never reveal that number and ask that you never reveal that number. What we’ll do is simply pay them the $15,000, cut you and your family a check for the difference, Pam."
Freedom of Choice (FOC),"It’s the cleanest, easiest, most compassionate way to take care of what will inevitably happen to all of us."
Freedom of Choice (FOC),"Pam you can see how easily this will make it to deal with Jim's funeral right? Why do you think it will make it easier for you?"
Freedom of Choice (FOC),"Jim, what would Pam do if you didn't have this?"
Freedom of Choice (FOC),"Well after today you will never have to worry about that again!"
Freedom of Choice (FOC),"It’s kind of like a prearranged funeral."
Freedom of Choice (FOC),"Have you heard of prearrangements? These are great in concept. Everything’s taken care of prior to death."
Freedom of Choice (FOC),"This is the exact same thing, but remember this is permanent and portable. You are not locked to one specific funeral home."
Freedom of Choice (FOC),"And prearrangement can be up to $300 a month, and it only has the amount of money that you have paid into it. This is a blank check for $30,000 for both of you. You each have this certificate."
Freedom of Choice (FOC),"It’s clean; it’s easy. So does that make sense to the both of you?"

Income Protection,"DO NOT MEMORIZE UNTIL TOLD TO DO SO"
Income Protection,"Having your funeral taken care of is super important. What’s of equal concern is what happens after the funeral. Most families I sit down with don’t have what’s called paycheck protection."
Income Protection,"Jim, if something were to happen to you unexpectedly and you were taken from your family would Pam continue to get your paycheck? No. Most families don’t."
Income Protection,"What type of recurring bills do you have every single month? Mortgage, car insurance, the kids -- they’re not free right? -- utilities, all those expenses."
Income Protection,"Pam, if something were to happen to Jim, how would you continue to pay for those bills without his income? Yeah, it’s really concerning for families."
Income Protection,"Most of the families I sit down with have life insurance. You guys are a perfect example. But most don’t take into consideration how it works."
Income Protection,"Life insurance works exactly like a hundred-dollar bill. Pam, if you were to go to the store on a Friday night and buy a couple sodas and a slice of pizza and you broke into a hundred-dollar bill, how much of that hundred dollars do you have left on Monday? Yeah, it’s gone."
Income Protection,"And half of the time we don’t even know where it went. Life insurance, liquid cash, works the exact same way."
Income Protection,"If something were to happen to Jim, Pam you’re going to get that money up to 60 days or longer after he passed. The first thing you’re going to do is break it, just like the hundred-dollar bill, and pay back wherever you got that funeral money."
Income Protection,"Now I’m not saying you’re going to squander that money or splurge with it, but usually that life insurance money is gone within the first two years."
Income Protection,"That’s why they added the income protection portion to this. What this does is pay $1,800 a month for 36 consecutive months if Jim was taken from you."
Income Protection,"Pam, if something were to happen to him, do you think you could use an extra $1,800 a month for the next three years? Yeah, you bet you could."
Income Protection,"What that allows you to do is take that $250,000 policy, put it in the bank, let it build the nest egg that it’s intended to be, and then after that three-year transitional period that money is sitting there waiting for you."
Income Protection,"Now also included is $1,400 a month if something were to happen to you Pam for 36 consecutive months to make sure that Jim and the kids could continue their lifestyle if something happened to you."
Income Protection,"Does that make sense to the both of you? Do you see how important it is to have your paychecks protected?"
Income Protection,"Why is that so important to you Jim, for her to have that?"
Income Protection,"Pam why is that important to you? Yeah exactly. That’s what most families say."
Income Protection,"So right now you have both of your incomes protected, both of your funerals taken care of, for that same _________ per week. Does that make sense? Okay."
Child Rider,"The next benefit they have is designed to help protect your children."
Child Rider,"With the amount of things impacting our children’s health nowadays like Asthma, ADHD, and other illnesses, it's getting more and more difficult to protect our children."
Child Rider,"That’s why they came up with this next benefit known as the child rider."
Child Rider,"What this is going to do is protect each child in the household under the age of 18 with a $10,000 death benefit."
Child Rider,"Now the best part about this, is at age 21 they can convert this to a $50,000 whole life policy regardless of their health with no medical questions asked."
Child Rider,"Now can you see why it’s so important to have a program that can guarantee their insurability in the future?"
Accidental Death Benefit,"- Find the need, paint the picture, & fill the need -"
Accidental Death Benefit,"In all reality, the chances of any of you passing away tomorrow from a heart attack or cancer are pretty slim."
Accidental Death Benefit,"Statistically, you’re nine times more likely to pass in some sort of accident."
Accidental Death Benefit,"What this next benefit does is for any accident on or off the job; if you fell, had a mishap at work, were in a house fire or explosion, this is going to cover the both of you for $150,000, if you’re killed in any type of accident, and it covers each child for 10,000."
Accidental Death Benefit,"What’s the most dangerous thing we do every day? -- Drive a car. Just because of the frequency we drive them, no other reason."
Accidental Death Benefit,"Most insurance companies pull back the benefit when it’s a higher risk. We actually increase it to $200,000 if anything were to happen to either of you in a privately owned vehicle - not a work vehicle."
Accidental Death Benefit,"You could be in the back seat sleeping. You could be driving. You could be on vacation. You could be at fault in the accident. It doesn’t matter."
Accidental Death Benefit,"If something were to happen to either of you, you both are covered for $200,000 and each of the kids are covered for $20,000."
Accidental Death Benefit,"So let’s say something happened to both of you, God forbid, that would be $400,000. All right?"
Accidental Death Benefit,"In addition to both of your incomes being protected, both funerals would be taken care of as well. All right? Does that still make sense for _____ a week? Yeah, you bet it does."
Accidental Death Benefit,"What about Common Carrier, which is anything you pay a fare to ride on; like a plane, train, bus, boat, Uber -- you are both covered for $350,000 and each of the kids are covered for $50,000."
Accidental Death Benefit,"Does this section right here make sense to you guys?"

Close,Now, any questions on how your family’s program is going to work?
Close,Ok, so they did set you up with 2 different options.
Close,Option A is the full inflation program, which gives you $30,000 for each of your funerals and everything else we discussed.
Close,Option B is going to cover you with partial inflation funerals at $20,000 each, which is still enough to cover both of you today.
Close,Now you have option A which is full inflation and option B which is partial inflation, which option works better for your family today?




